Asset Manager Documentation (#35)
ove/ove-asset-services: packages/ove-service-imagetiles/README.md

# Image Tile Service

> This service uses the [LibVips](https://jcupitt.github.io/libvips/) library via [NetVips](https://github.com/kleisauke/net-vips) to take Image based Assets and create [Deep Zoom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deep_Zoom) image tile sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service uses the [LibVips](https://jcupitt.github.io/libvips/) library (via the [NetVips](https://github.com/kleisauke/net-vips) bindings) to create [Deep Zoom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deep_Zoom) image tile sets from image files.
```

Author: clarified to note that this processes Assets

## Configuration

> Configuration of the service is achieved by modifying the ``appsettings.json`` file. These settings are automatically over written by **Environment Variables** (reflection of the json hierarcy should be acheived using ``__`` e.g. ``s3Client__Secret``). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration of the service is achieved by modifying the ``appsettings.json`` file. These settings are automatically over written by **Environment Variables** (reflection of the JSON hierarcy should be acheived using ``__`` e.g. ``s3Client__Secret``). 
```

### Configuring Service

You must provide the service with the URL of the asset manager it should register with. Further you should provide the final externally accessible URL of the service (used for callbacks from the Asset Manager). 

```
  "AssetManagerHostUrl" :  "http://localhost:8181" ,
  "ServiceHostUrl" : "http://localhost:8182", 
```

### Configuring S3

> In common with all S3 compatible object stores the following three properties are required and should be set as follows in ``appsettings.json` or overridden in environment variables as discussed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In common with all S3 compatible object stores the following three properties are required and should be set as follows in `appsettings.json` or overridden in environment variables as discussed above.
```

# Image Tile Service

This service uses the [LibVips](https://jcupitt.github.io/libvips/) library via [NetVips](-vips/

> ) to take Image based Assets and create [DeepZoom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deep_Zoom) image tile sets.

Reviewer: DeepZoom -> Deep Zoom

## Configuration

Configuration of the service is achieved by modifying the ``Appsettings.json`` file. These settings are automatically over written by **Environmental Variables** (reflection of the json hierarcy should be acheived using ``__`` e.g. ``s3Client__Secret``). 

### Configuring Service

You must provide the service with the URL of the asset manager it should register with. Further you should provide the final externally accessible URL of the service (used for call backs from the Asset Manager). 

```
  "AssetManagerHostUrl" :  "http://localhost:8181" ,
  "ServiceHostUrl" : "http://localhost:8182", 
```

### Configuring S3

> In common with all S3 compatible object stores the following three properties are required and should be set as follows in ``appsettings.json` or overridden in environmental variables as discussed above.

Reviewer: You refer to `appsettings.json` here, but ``Appsettings.json`` at line 9.

Reviewer 2: Should use the actual name of the file.

```  
"s3Client": {

>     "AccessKey": "secret",

Reviewer 2: @davidbirchwork, this is fixed in the packages/asset-manager/README.md but not in the packages/ove-service-imagetiles/README.md against which it was reported. When you fix that, please also change `Appsettings.json` to `appsettings.json`, which is the actual name of the file. And also, fix `Environmental Variables` to `Environment Variables` (2 places). The word `call backs` should be `callbacks`. And, `hierarcy` should be `hierarchy`. Best you run a spellcheck on these files.

Please also fix the URL of `[NetVips]`. It currently returns a 404.

>     "AccessKey": "secret",

Author: fixed
